i've just come back from parliament
where i've announced the next phase
of our economic support my main message
today is this
our economic plan is evolving because
the situation
is evolving in march we hoped we were
facing a temporary period
of disruption what's now clear
as the prime minister and our scientific
advisors have said
is that for at least the next six months
the virus and restrictions
are going to be a fact of our lives
so as our economy and labor market
adapts and evolves to this new normal
our plan needs to adapt and evolve as
well
what does this mean in practice well
today i've announced
five new measures we're protecting jobs
through the new jobs support scheme
the government will directly support the
wages of people
in work giving businesses who face
depressed demand
through the difficult winter months the
option of keeping employees
in a job on shorter hours rather
than making them redundant we're also
extending the self-employed scheme
to sit alongside that and i've announced
a range of measures
to ease cash flow concerns for
businesses
allowing them to focus on protecting
jobs
pay as you grow will ease the repayment
terms
for bounce-back loans we're giving
people more time to pay back their
deferred taxes
and i'm cancelling the planned increase
in vat
for hospitality and tourism through to
the end
of march i know people are anxious and
afraid right now
but i want them to know that we have a
plan to protect jobs
and support businesses and what was true
at the beginning of this crisis
remains true it's on all of us
to get through this together thank you
look forward to taking some questions
from the media
i think we're going to start with
laura from koonsburg from the bbc laura
you there
i am thank you very much chancellor um
you
have admitted that many people are very
worried at the moment
how many jobs do you think this scheme
can
save with all the measures you've
outlined and
you say you only want to help support
jobs that are viable
can you outline which jobs you believe
will no longer be viable
because of the pandemic thanks laura
look it's
it's impossible for me to predict given
the uncertainty the exact shape of the
labour market
as i've said i can't save every job and
i can't protect every single business
and i think when we started the furlough
scheme
it was a surprise to everybody economic
commentators alike
the scale of the take up of that nine
million people had their jobs protected
through the furlough scheme for example
but my expectation and hope is that this
new scheme
will be able to benefit a large numbers
of people
and help protect their jobs through the
difficult winter months
especially as demand is depressed in
their companies you asked about
viability
now it's not for me to sit here and and
make
uh pronouncements upon exactly what job
is viable or not
but what we do need to do is evolve our
support
now that we're through the acute phase
of the crisis and make sure
that where we are putting that support
we're doing it where it can make the
most
difference and i believe it's the right
thing to do to concentrate that support
on jobs which have a genuine prospect of
being viable and providing long-term
security for those employees
and and the reason and the way we can do
that is through the test
where employees have to be working a
minimum amount of time
and that wasn't a feature of the
furlough scheme where people could be at
home the entire time
that's a change in this scheme and
that's the way to think about viability
okay i think next are we going to the
itv and joel
yeah hello there uh chancellor um the
new job support scheme
is far less generous employers are doing
the heavy lifting do you really think
there's a powerful incentive for them to
hold on to start
joel it's definitely different to the
furlough scheme you're absolutely right
it's more targeted and i think that's
right i think as we've now
in a different phase of this crisis we
can act in a more targeted way to
support those businesses
who really need our help so for example
larger businesses on this scheme
will have to demonstrate that their
revenues are falling
as a result of what's happening to them
so that that's something that we've
changed again
uh which will change who's eligible for
it which i think is a sensible and right
thing to do because we're putting large
sums of taxpayer money behind this
and in terms of generosity i think
actually what this scheme does
is demonstrate that there is a
partnership because of the the time that
people are not working
if you think about that cost that burden
that is shared equally
between the employer the government and
the employee themselves and i think
that's a very fair way to approach this
we're all in this together
and that's the right way that this
scheme should operate and i think the
last thing i'd say is
you can use this scheme in conjunction
with the jobs retention bonus that we
put in place
in the summer and if you look at the
combined impact of those
i think it provides a very significant
cash incentive
for businesses to retain their staff
even if that means on
reduced hours
next we're going to sky and ed conway
hi chancellor the prime minister told us
today that
no one should be penalized for doing the
right thing when it comes to covert 19.
i just wonder what's your message for
those thousands millions perhaps
of employees who are being penalized by
your restrictions and
who won't be helped out by your new
scheme
i think ed i think it's wrong to talk
about people being penalized for the
restrictions i think look
we have to have these restrictions all
of us collectively together because
that's the only way and the best way
to suppress the spread of this virus and
in the end that's the best way to
protect all of us so i don't view them
quite in the same way
but you're right we don't want people to
be disadvantaged as best we can by
what's happening which is why we've put
in place
incredibly generous improvements to our
welfare system
through the increases in universal
credit the local housing allowance which
helps people with their rental payments
if they need it
we created a hardship fund for local
authorities
for those of their vulnerable citizens
who are struggling with council tax
payments
something we've put in place a range of
things to help the most vulnerable
and most recently for those who are
being told to
isolate because of the track and trace
system you know they if they need
will have access to a 500 pound payment
uh to help tide them through that if
their earnings are going to see a
significant disruption
and and they need that extra assistance
so i think that demonstrates our
commitment to make good
on that pledge we want people to be
supported to do the right thing and
throughout all of this we want to make
sure that we protect the most vulnerable
in our society i think next we're going
to channel four
is that right helio are you there hello
yes thank you chancellor i i'd really
like to pin you down on this question of
viability
because people at home will be very
anxious about whether their jobs are
viable i mean we spoke to a
sandwich shop owner yesterday who's been
in the city for 40 years
i wonder chancellor if you would
encourage that shop owner to
keep his staff on despite the fact that
trading has gone down
90 since people were told to work from
home
do you think jobs like those where
trading has fallen off completely
are those jobs still viable
well i think healey as i said it it's
not for me to sit here and make
pronouncements on every individual job
what i want to be able to do is provide
as much support as possible given the
constraints that we operate in
we obviously can't sustain the same
level
of things that we were doing at the
beginning of this crisis but nor would
it right
to do to be to do so either because the
situation has
evolved this is now something as i said
earlier we know is going to be a fact of
our lives
for a while to come and that means the
economy is going to change and adapt
i i can't promise that everyone can go
back to the job that they used to have
and that's why you know in the summer we
outlined a range of measures
to help people find new opportunities so
for example we've increased our
investment in apprenticeships
we've created the kickstart scheme all
of that is designed to help people find
a new future
if the job that they used to have is not
one that is going to be there for them
now
despite the considerable support we've
put in place to try and protect as many
of those jobs as possible
next to channel 5 and andy bell andy
good afternoon
afternoon chancellor um the fact is
there are still some big sectors of the
economy which are absolutely restricted
and
having terrible difficulties because of
restrictions put in by the government
hospitality is
obviously the one that comes to mind you
did have the choice to have
the furlough scheme in specific sectors
you've decided not to
people are absolutely clear that there
will be jobs lost in areas like
hospitality and those as a result of
your decision are those jobs that are
going to be lost just the
price that now has to be paid for as you
would put it adapting
uh to the government's response to this
pandemic
andy you talk about hospitality rightly
because it's an industry that's been
particularly affected by what's happened
over the last few months and continues
to be effective you know i think it's
probably worth
reminding ourselves about what we have
done for that industry so everyone in
that industry
is not paying any business rates
whatsoever this year
that's a significant part of a business
is cash flow we've also provided those
businesses with cash grants of 10 000 or
25 000 pounds
something that was not available for
other industries and has made an
enormous difference
to almost a million small and
medium-sized businesses
obviously we have the initiatives over
the summer to help try and
catalyze demand in that industry and the
vat
cut from 20 to 5 which is worth billions
of pounds
of support to that industry and
obviously i announced today that that
vat cut which was meant to expire in
january
will be pushed out through to the spring
at the end of march so i think you know
that represents a considerable amount of
support
for that industry at what is i
appreciate a very difficult time
and they will also be able to make use
of this new scheme i think for most
people in that industry they're open and
they're operating
but they are having depressed demand and
the scheme that i've outlined today the
job support scheme is designed to deal
with exactly that
situation it helps them reduce their
employees hours
we all chip in to make up some of the
difference and
the job can be saved and no one has to
be let go so i think i think it can help
next we go to times radio and tom newton
dumb
uh good afternoon chancellor hi tom can
you
hi uh you've been very honest in wanting
to level with the
british public perhaps you continue to
do so can you say
uh with any surety that unemployment
won't go over
four million during this pandemic and
talking directly to the people who will
lose their jobs okay you don't want to
put a number on it but
can you say to them that your
interventions are enough
to get them back into new work by
christmas
and if not christmas then when
well tom i think i would be lying if i
could try and give you precise numbers
or time frames for
for what's going to happen when we're
dealing at we're dealing with
unprecedented economic uncertainty
that's not just me who would say that i
think it would be you know most economic
commentators and forecasters
um it's of course unemployment is
already rising and will continue
to rise that's a complete tragedy we've
already lost
700 000 jobs those people's security
uh is now under threat which is why i'm
doing absolutely everything i can it
remains my number one priority
to protect support and create jobs
wherever i can across the economy
not going to be able to save every job
but i think the interventions we made in
the summer
to create new jobs we talked about the
kickstart scheme before that's a
landmark program to provide job
placements for
young people who are at risk of
long-term unemployment that will be up
and running
very shortly applications are already
coming in those young people will start
their new jobs in in in weeks in the
coming months
there will be a quarter of a million of
them over the next year so some of the
actions we've taken
are already starting to bear fruit we're
increasing the capacity of our
job centres we've invested in new
apprentices
at a time where it's difficult so look
we're throwing everything at it
things are already happening but there's
a lot of difficult times to come but i
want people to be reassured that we will
keep focusing on this it remains my
number one priority
if we go to the financial times and
delphine
hello chancellor you've underlined the
need for
the support measures to evolve as the
situation evolves
are you still prepared to scale up these
measures
if it seems very likely now we're going
to see tougher restrictions
over the next couple of months
i think delfin i think first of all
we've just announced all the measures i
think
it's important that we we let them take
hold and implement them
and actually we're acting in advance of
what we know will be
a difficult winter economy i think we
know the coming months are going to be
tricky
and that's why we've acted with speed
we've been working on these plans for a
while
now was the right time to outline them
they will come into force
uh imminently and make a real difference
to businesses on the ground
so i i hope you'll be reassured by that
and people can be reassured by that
that we always stand ready to do what's
necessary
i've i've been consistent throughout
this crisis that this is an
unprecedented situation it demands a
bold response that demands rapid
responses
and it demands creative responses
because we haven't dealt with things
like this before
so we're going to try new things i think
the job support scheme is an example of
that that's something that has never
been tried
at this scale in the uk labor market
before
and i believe it will make a genuine
difference to people's prospects
but if you're asking me if i'm i'm ready
to do more as a situation involves of
of course i am and that's what we have
been doing and that's what we will
continue to do as as the
as we get through the the winter and
through to next year
i think next to the daily mail ruth
sutherland ruth are you there
i i'm here yes good afternoon chancellor
hi um
obviously it's entirely right that we
we support um jobs and we support
businesses
at this hugely difficult time but how
are you going to pay the bill
in the long term ruth i'm
delighted that you asked that question
and it's really important
of course at the moment we're providing
a lot of support
we can't continue to provide the same
degree of support that we did at the
beginning of this crisis
and sustain it at that level it's simply
not it's not affordable not sustainable
for a prolonged period of time
which is now our we revolve the
situation the economy is reopening
things are growing again albeit from a
low base
and that's why we are now doing support
in a more targeted way
it's concentrating it on where it can
make the most difference because we have
to be mindful
of the cost of all of these things i
think everyone is cognizant of
what we have done the scale of what
we've done the situation would have been
worse if we hadn't done that
so i think in the long term it's the
right thing to do to have acted in the
way we have
and to continue providing support to the
economy
as we go through this difficult winter
time but
you're right over time and as the
economy recovers we you we absolutely
need to have an eye on our public
finances and to make sure
that we're in a strong and sustainable
position and it's only because of the
decisions that were taken before i had
this job by previous chancellors
that our public finances were in a
strong position and i pay tribute to my
predecessors for making those difficult
decisions
that's what enabled me to react in this
particular way it reminds us of the
importance
of repairing public finances having a
strong economy so that when
problems like this come along you can
throw a lot at them
but i will obviously have to make
similar difficult decisions in the
future
as we get on a path back to
sustainability but right now the
priority is supporting
the economy throwing everything we've
got are protecting people's jobs and
that's what i will continue to do
next uh to the times and phil aldrich
phil
good afternoon afternoon chancellor
um i just uh capital economics have come
up with a
estimate of about five billion pounds
for the cost of these uh interventions
today
i just wondered if you had a more uh
accurate
uh estimate of the cost of these schemes
yeah i will publish full costings later
in the autumn and the obr
the office for budget responsibility uh
who are the independent
uh watchdog will cost all of these
things so they'll be full
transparency and disclosure about that
as is normal and you'll be familiar with
that process i think
roughly the vat cut will cost
about 800 million pounds and that comes
on top of the existing estimated cost of
about two and a half billion
which is the cost of the vat a cut from
when we announced it through to january
and 800 million pounds
for the extension so that's three and a
half billion pounds of total support for
hospitality through that measure
alone i think some of the loan deferrals
and tax deferrals are slightly
complicated to cost and
and we can take that offline and i can
walk you through it but the obr will
will do all of those because what we're
doing there is deferring payments
um in that way and then obviously the
most important thing the job support
scheme
is it's very tricky to be precise about
exactly how much that will cost because
we don't know the exact take up
but i could if i walk you through some
rough maths we know that
someone on the furlough scheme today on
average makes about 1400 pounds
a month now if that same person was put
on the short time working scheme on the
job support scheme
and were only working a third of their
hours so getting the maximum support
from
government that would cost about 300
pounds a month so if you scale that up
that would be
just over 300 million pounds per million
per month but you know that assumes that
they're only working a third of the time
clearly many people will be working
more than that and that assumes the
average wages
are the same as the current population
of of our furloughed
workers this scheme is obviously open to
everyone even if they haven't used the
furlough scheme before
um so we can't be precise but hopefully
that gives you a kind of sense of scale
and magnitude
great i think next to the to the mirror
lizzie
buckin thank you chancellor
hi lizzy hi um the prime minister has
been clear that
further restrictions may be necessary if
people don't obey the new rules
has the treasury model to the economic
impact of a second national lockdown
and would you support such a measure if
the chief scientific advisor and the
chief medical officer called for
it yeah i completely agree with the
prime minister on our approach
uh to tackling the virus i think of
course do any of us like these
restrictions no of course we don't
we love our lives to be uh back to
normal we know that's not possible uh
now
and for a while and we all need to do
our bit to suppress the spread of this
virus
and when you think about it from an
economic perspective
you know the prime minister talks about
a stitch and time saves nine and and
he's right you know
we take the the measures that we've
taken earlier this week
to prevent us from having to do much
more difficult things
in the future and you know our hope and
confidence is that these measures
will do exactly that but it would be
wrong for me to stand here and tell you
i can predict exactly
how this is going to go and we've said
very clearly brightly
that if we need to put in place more
restrictions we will have to do that
to keep the virus under control but as i
said if
if the measures that we've announced
earlier this week have their desired
effect and we can
we can carry on as we are no one wants
to have to close things down what we
want to do is try and live our lives as
normally as possible
but controlling the spread of this virus
and and we're constantly going to be
trying to get that balance right but
that in the long term is
is in the best interest of the economy
as the prime minister said and i fully
agree with him on that
next uh i think we're paul at the
huffington post
hi chancellor um now you're eat out to
help out scheme has been incredibly
popular
but some scientists are saying it may
have unwittingly led to a spread of the
virus
did you receive any behavioral modelling
from sage beforehand
on the possible impact on covid and if
not
would you regret that i i think paul
in terms of the spread of the virus if
you see what's happening in our country
as as you've heard from our scientific
advisors it you know we're following
similar paths to other countries in
europe for example france and spain
belgium we know has dealt with this
before so
i think it's probably simplistic to look
at any one thing what's happening here
is similar to what's happening in in
many other countries and of course
there are there are lots of things going
on at the same time
towards the last few weeks and as we get
into a season for respiratory illnesses
so there's gonna be lots of different
factors at play as to what why
the virus is uh acting in the way that
it is
but more broadly i don't think it's the
wrong thing for the government or indeed
people to want to try and get their
lives back to normal i said in the
summer that we'll have to learn to live
with the uncertainty of the moment and
that's what we're all going to have to
do
you know we all want to live life as
normally as possible recognizing
that that's going to be an iterative
process as we learn and adjust
and make sure that we're always
controlling the virus so i think it's
right that we strive for normalcy but
right
that we recognize that there are going
to be limits on that and adjust them as
as is necessary
next to the guardian and larry elliott
afternoon chancellor hi larry hi um
i just want to ask you a question about
business reaction
to this and if you're if you're an
employer you're going to go from paying
of an employee's wages under the
furlough scheme to 55
under the job support scheme britain has
a
very flexible labor market what isn't
there a risk that
businesses are going to simply just lay
people off
and then really employ them part-time as
and when or if
demand picks up because you're you're
quite aware that demand
is quite fragile if you're an employer
isn't there an incentive for you
to go down that route rather than take
part in the scheme in
which case unemployment is going to go
up a lot over the coming months
larry i think if you looked at your
numbers that you talked about the 20
going to 55 the big difference in those
numbers is
if you were only paying 20 that's
because your employee was not doing
any work at all for you so yes is the
company going to be paying more now
they are because that's on the basis
that their employee is actually working
a much larger chunk of the time so i
think the thing to look at it is
obviously for the time an employee is
working it's right that their company
pays them their full
regular wage and for the time they're
not working
that's the bit that is split equally
between the company
the employee and the government in a
fair sharing of that
and i actually think if you look at that
combined with the impact of the job
retention bonus
it provides a very significant incentive
for businesses
to retain the staff that they had on
furlough and bring them back
and more generally i think most
companies want to invest in their people
if you've got long-term relationships
with your employees you don't want to
let them go
right you've got a difficult winter
period coming up demand is reduced
right you kind of feel that you'll be
able to get through it at the other end
you'll be there at the other end of it
but you need some help to get through
and you don't want to let people go you
don't want to lose
all the skills they have the knowledge
of your business and that's what this
scheme will do
it will help those employers talk to
their employees
not lay them off but through reduced
hours and support from the government
keep them there through the difficult
period
um so that they're there to to at the
end of it
and the employer has not lost all of
that talent so i think it really will
make a difference and i know
many companies have called for a scheme
exactly like this and i'm glad it's been
warmly welcomed by people like the cbi
and the british chambers of commerce and
other business groups
who recognize that this is exactly the
kind of scheme that will support them
to protect jobs and that of their valued
employees and get through the difficult
winter months
right next i think to the daily
telegraph and
gordon rainer gordon hi
thank you chancellor um you said earlier
on that the damage to the economy
is now permanent um so in an era where
the private sector is having to make
huge cutbacks to deal with the economic
impact of the decisions the government
has made should the state not also
become smaller to do its bit
i think gold i'm not sure if i said the
damage was permanent i think what i said
was
because although the virus is going to
be a fact of our lives
for uh a long little or at least the
next six months
that that certainly means that our
economic approach to it needs um
needs to evolve uh and i think that was
a point i was i was trying to make
there whereas i think in march if you
contrast that
we hoped that this would be something
that would be a temporary disruption to
the economy
um obviously the way things have gone
this is going to be with us for a while
to come so it's right that support
adjusts
look in terms of what's the role for the
state um
there's two things you know one at a
situation like this a time like this
it's right that the state steps in to
provide the support that we have done
to people around the country and the
businesses that employ them and indeed
our public services
i mean we're dealing with something of
an unprecedented
scale in how many people it affects
affects the whole country
the severity with which it affects them
and indeed it's the state that's
putting in place restrictions on all of
our activity in order to suppress
the virus to our collective benefit so i
think that does mean the state has a
slightly different role to
play you know versus peace time if you
if you want to make that analogy
um but going forward and you ask about
as much as i if you're talking about
the size of government and uh i think
there what i would say is
look i i agree with you i think that
obviously
the state being able to be as nimble and
agile as possible
means it doesn't have to raise as much
tax revenue from people and
people can keep more of the the money
that they earn rather than having to
hand it over for things that isn't
generally a good thing right we have to
pay for the services that we want
but obviously you know better that
people keep more of their own money but
as we get through this
we can get back to a more normal
situation where
we go back to ordinary business and
that's where we'll get to but in the
short term
it's right that we act in the way that
we do it's right that we provide the
support that we have that's for all our
benefit
and it means that the economy actually
will be stronger and bounce back faster
when we get through to the other side
i think next the sun and matt
dathan matt are you there yes i am
what's your message to people still on
full-time furlough um you know would you
tell them it's now time to
look for another job start a business or
just wait and hope their
firm survives the winter and in august
you were very clear what we could all do
to help
the economy our local businesses eat out
and help out
what about now given that chris whittie
is telling us to avoid unnecessary
contact
uh matt for those those that are on
furlough you know i said well the good
news is first of all that we have seen
millions of people come back from
furlough into work and i think that's
something that we you know we should
take a moment to reflect on and
and that's very good news and nine
million people at the peak were on
furlough
um having their jobs protected over half
of them
are already uh back at work and we're
down now down to about one in ten of the
labor force something around that level
uh which is still on on the furlough
scheme but are able to start working
obviously we want as many of those
people to get back to work as possible
i hope they feel reassured that we're
trying to make that a reality through
things like the job retention bonus
where we're providing their employer
with a significant cash bonus
if they're able to bring them back and
even now on a part-time basis on fewer
hours using the support from the job
support scheme
you know we're making it as easy as
possible for companies
in a way that we can to bring those uh
last remaining
team members back into their workplaces
you know in terms of what we can all do
now what's the best thing we can do
to help um i like your idea of people
starting our businesses that's great we
have startup loan scheme
so people should have a look at that if
they're interested uh in that
um you know what can we do now the best
thing we can do now
is follow the guidelines and you know
the prime minister
i think made a really compelling and
passionate statement on
tuesday explaining where we were and the
role that we all have to play
and if we all you know can do what we
need to do we can suppress the spread of
this virus
and it means that we can then protect as
much of our economy as possible and that
ultimately is the only long-run
sustainable way to create new jobs or
indeed protect the ones that we've had
it's ultimately need a functioning
economy with businesses that are doing
what they do
um so you know if we if we can do that
and get on the back of this
then i think we're in good shape and we
see early signs of progress right from a
low base
gdp is starting to grow again we've got
economic growth coming back
you know retail sales are recovering um
so you know we saw that already
and if we can just you know follow these
new set of restrictions make it work
then i think we can you know look
forward with cautious optimism
but it's going to be a difficult few
months and that's why we've acted today
to provide
a considerable amount of extra support
to get through that winter period
and i think largely to bloomberg and
alex
uh thank you very much chancellor um
hundreds of thousands of self-employed
people
um missed out um fell between the cracks
of your earlier schemes earlier this
year and they look set to miss out again
what's your message to those people is
it that they should abandon the careers
they've built for themselves and seek
alternative work
and if if i might just push you on jobs
um you've said you can't protect every
jobs
um a responsible treasury must have done
modeling how many jobs do you expect to
go
over coming months so
uh alex on on your first point around
self-employed
i think it's very worth bearing in mind
i think the support that we've put in
place for self-employed
has been more generous more
comprehensive and now as a result of the
announcements today more long-lasting
than i think pretty much any country
anywhere around the world and it's
benefited around two and a half million
people who are running self-employed
small businesses
so that's the first thing to say so i'm
proud that we've done that and i know
what a difference
it has made it means that 95
of people who are majority self-employed
receive support now obviously in the
past we have not
been able to extend that to people who
we don't know about because they've
never filed
a tax return obviously there's no
possible way for us to judge exactly
what they've earned what kind of support
they deserve and that's why we made the
decisions
we did at the time but that's not
withstanding the announcements today
there will be significant support for
that population uh
already and into the future um and to
your last point i
i don't and i can point you to
independent forecasters like the bank of
england or the office for budget
responsibility
and and that their forecasts don't make
for good reading
right they're forecasting unemployment
you know to go
up to high single digits uh by the end
of the year
right that is a tragedy but it's not
that that's something that's coming it's
already starting to happen
three almost three quarters of a million
people have already lost their job as a
result of what's
happening to our economy and that's why
it's my number one priority
you know that's why from the beginning
of this crisis i've been determined to
try and protect as
many people's jobs as possible that's
why we introduced the furlough scheme
that's why in the summer as our economy
was reopening i announced the 30 billion
pound plan for jobs
to support create and protect jobs
across the united kingdom
particularly for young people with
initiatives like our kickstart scheme
which is getting going
and that's why today to help businesses
get through the difficult winter period
we've announced the job support scheme a
radical new policy
to help protect as many jobs as possible
by chipping in together with
an employer to allow them to keep people
on part-time
work rather than laying them off so all
of this stuff
put together i think shows you how
committed i am and the government is
to trying to do everything we can to
protect as many jobs as possible
especially now what will be a difficult
few months but i'm confident that we
will get through it
and we will get through it together
thank you very much
[Music]
see the headlines as they happen and
watch bbc news live in the app and get
the full story with bbc
dot co dot uk forward slash news follow
the story for all the latest with bbc
news